(Off to Cuba and Kazakhstan)
(The members were excited to meet the fans.)
(But their expectations were not met.)
(They don't recognize us.)
(They put together a signing event.)
(Thank you for welcoming us.)
(Team Cuba hunts for traces of Korea.)
(Dong Gu shines among the three.)
(They let their bodies go to the salsa rhythm.)
(They cry for freedom.)
(Joon Ho's humor worked in Cuba.)
(They were treated to a feast of Cuban food.)
(It's delicious.)
(The blazing sun rises above the Caribbean Sea.)
(The morning in Cuba is full of energy.)
(How is their morning?)
(Tossing and turning)
(Due to jet-lag, it isn't morning for them.)
Should we wake them?
(They're sleeping peacefully.)
(Quietly!)
(We don't want to wake them.)
(Secretive)
(A suspicious car is parked outside.)
(What do they have planned?)
(Knocking)
(Who are you?)
Good morning.
Thank you.
(Jung Yong Hwa of CNBlue)
(Last night at Havana Airport)
(A man in yellow idly walks out.)
(He's exhausted.)
(He flew to Cuba without the others knowing.)
It's exhausting.
(We'll reveal why he's here shortly.)
You will be their morning angel tomorrow.
(Gasping)
Really? A morning angel?
Me?
(The morning angel Yong Hwa has in mind...)
(wakes the members with her freshness.)
(The angels so far have all been ladies.)
I'm really bad at things like this.
I'm sure it'll work out.
(He'd be glad to be unscathed.)
(He's on his way to greet them now.)
(He sneaks in.)
(Carefully)
Hello, I'm the angel.
Will they be pleased? I doubt it.
(They would probably hate it.)
(He wishes to be welcomed.)
(He has a spray in his hand.)
I'm the morning angel.
(Cautious)
(Excited)
(They're sleeping in peace.)
(I'll break that peace.)
(Spraying)
(He sprays water on them brutally.)
(He jumps at the fresh water.)
- What? - Good morning!
(Wake up or else!)
(What's going on?)
What's this? What's going on?
(It's like he's been caught red-handed.)
(Spraying)
(So this is why it's so fun.)
- What are you doing? - Are you kidding me?
(Hold on...)
(Who are you though?)
Don't!
It's not Dong Gu.
Good morning, brothers!
Hi, Joon Ho.
(He's not angry. He's happy to see Yong Hwa.)
- Why are you here? - What was that?
Yong Hwa, how did you get here?
- Wait. - Hold on.
Hey, we have a guest.
It's been so long.
Are you our guest?
- Yes, I am. - Did you come for us?
- Did you have plans here? - No, I didn't.
- Then... - I came for you guys.
- Yong Hwa, is that you? - Yes.
We're not close enough for this.
I didn't know it was you.
- No way. - Look at this.
You could've invited others like AOA.
(I knew they'd be like this.)
Is AOA here too?
Joon Ho just asked if AOA was here.
I knew someone would join us.
Then why are you disappointed?
Anyway, welcome.
- Hello. - Hi.
Since Yong Hwa's here,
how about ramyeon for breakfast?
- Spaghetti. - We'd really like...
to have some.
Flour-based food gives me constipation.
Ramyeon's made out of flour too.
Right.
I just want something with a broth.
Flour-based food with a broth.
- Ramyeon sounds nice. - It sure would be.
- Let's go. - All right.
- Let's go. - Breakfast time!
- Gosh. - It's been so long.
- Maria. - Hi, Maria.
Hello.
Good morning!
- Come on. Good morning. - Hi.
It's all set.
(Avocado sandwich and guava juice)
- Gosh, Maria. - Is this for us?
- Thank you so much. - Thank you.
Please enjoy.
I see.
Maria, we have a guest with us.
He's my new baby.
Where does he fit in terms of ranking?
Tell us where we each rank.
- First. - First baby.
He's my baby.
- You're hers. - You're mine.
Who do you like next?
1, 2...
- 2. - 2!
- 2. - Thank you.
Three.
(It's not you.)
Maria!
Oh, my Maria!
Why am I fourth?
(Glancing)
She keeps looking at your belly.
She does keep staring at them.
- Nice. - Why is Defconn third?
Well...
This is you to her.
Can we have some kimchi then?
- Thank you for the meal. - Thank you for the meal.
- Let's enjoy. - It's because he's here.
(Prickly)
Joon Ho didn't have a good night's sleep.
I still have jet-lag,
so I woke up at 4am today.
- He didn't snore. - I didn't get any sleep.
Maria, this is amazing!
Amazing. It's fantastic!
(Disgusted)
What's wrong?
Did you bite your tongue?
Maria...
(Flustered)
- What's wrong? - Is it salty?
Mine has wasabi.
- Wasabi? - There's some in mine.
- You're mistaken. - Is that how it tastes?
Of course. You startled me.
- Mine's sweet. - I'm sorry.
It's the same.
- It's not. - It is.
Let me see.
(Defconn tries it.)
Here.
(A slight amount)
Oh, Maria!
Cheeky Maria!
(Coughing)
- Avocado and wasabi. - Can I try it?
(Really?)
Is mine the only one with it?
(This isn't edible.)
It's spicy.
Gosh, that's spicy.
(Goodness!)
- Maria! - Are yours like that?
(Confused)
Mine's all right.
What's with the flavors?
- How could you? - Why?
(While the members slept,)
(the morning angel prepared breakfast.)
(At first, he made it with love.)
(But then he saw the color of the avocado.)
(The avocado could be mistaken for...)
(wasabi.)
(Yong Hwa knows the show well.)
(If that's what you'd like...)
(Giggling)
(It's hilarious that you had a tube of this.)
(I respect you.)
(For 10 years, you've traveled with it.)
(The colors match perfectly.)
Who would know?
(A big chunk)
This is incredible.
(No one could figure it out.)
(A dab)
(He kindly gives it a taste.)
(It's spicy. It's really spicy.)
(I'll add more.)
(Mischievous)
(He even puts his muscles into it.)
(He spreads it with love.)
It's perfect.
(A perfect spread)
(He's satisfied.)
(He even prepares a drink.)
(He wanted someone else to be unfortunate too.)
(Salt)
(A huge amount of salt)
(Mixing)
(Smiling)
(He tastes it first this time as well.)
(Choking)
(He puts on his ugly face.)
(That's how the breakfast was made.)
(The cheeky mastermind)
(When Joon Ho tasted the wasabi,)
(he tried to confuse him.)
(He knew everything, but pretended not to.)
Gosh, it's spicy.
(Seeing the others receive his gift...)
(gave him so much joy.)
Spanish!
I made it.
(I made it.)
- What? - I put it in.
- Really? - I made breakfast today.
Did you really make this?
So you knowingly chose your seat.
Yes.
Since I'm the guest,
you wouldn't let me sit at the end.
That's why I put both dishes at the end.
It's our fault for being too nice.
What about this seat then?
There's nothing wrong with his food.
I want something proper to eat.
Since Yong Hwa came...
all this way and prepared breakfast,
I'll give you one to share.
Let's have one eat it all then.
Ready or not, rock-paper-scissors.
(You're out.)
- You're out. - You're out.
(Bye!)
(After a few more eliminations...)
Oh, my baby.
(Dong Gu is the final winner!)
Congratulations, Dong Gu, baby.
Try it.
(Mouth-watering)
It's been a while since I ate ramyeon.
(Slurping)
Can Joon Ho and I have some of the soup?
(You...)
Take a sniff.
(Being cheeky)
- It smells delicious. - Express how it smells.
It seems like...
he can't play ball very well.
It's like Dong Gu who makes mistakes...
Forget it.
Let me smell it.
Just smell it. Forget it.
It must smell strong.
It smells like the flavor of Seoul.
(That's correct.)
I'll kick his ramyeon so no one can eat it.
Break it if you can't have it.
Is it enough?
- Let me try it. - I gave food too easily.
Let me try some.
It's against the rules on the show.
I gave you food too easily yesterday.
What did you eat?
We ate Thai... No, where are we?
- We're in Cuba. - I almost forgot.
Tell us one of the dishes.
(He ate a lot yesterday.)
We had a chicken dish.
What was it called?
There was a word.
What?
It was a Spanish word.
Skin?
Forget it. You can eat it all.
Take a look.
- Do you want some? - No.
- Really? - I'll eat the local food.
You may ask for ramyeon tomorrow.
(Cuba)
(Kazakhstan)
(3rd morning in Kazakhstan)
(Under the strong sunlight,)
(the members are deeply asleep.)
(However, they hear...)
(a familiar melody.)
(He checks his hair as soon as he wakes up.)
(What about my age?)
Is it live music?
Is someone playing?
(Is this really happening?)
Isn't it recorded?
(Let's go outside first.)
Is it live music?
(Find where the morning song is playing.)
(Is someone calling from outside?)
(Empty)
How would I know where it's coming from?
(Then he finds something.)
(It's a red line.)
(It seems connected to the speakers.)
(He arrives at a building.)
(In a foreign land,)
(why do I hear a Korean song?)
(He bows.)
(It's nice to meet you.)
(It's a Kazakh morning song chorus.)
(What's going on here?)
Hurry up here.
(The other two arrive.)
(He's stunned.)
(Wasn't it a recording?)
(Goodness)
(Jong Min arrives last.)
(He's also stunned.)
(It's a perfect age to love)
(Four beats)
Good job.
This is Silky Road Chorus.
- Silky Road? - Yes.
It's our 20th anniversary.
- 20th? - Yes.
Silky Road Chorus is made up of...
2nd or 3rd generation of Koreans.
- That's right. - Yes.
We're the members of a Korean show called...
One Night Two Days.
My name is Cha Tae Hyun. It's nice to meet you.
I'm Kim Jong Min.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm Jung Joon Young.
The show is called One Night Two Days.
Tell them that we'll watch the show.
They'll remember you...
as you're famous actors.
Thank you.
Were your parents Korean?
- Grandmother. - Grandmother?
Grandmother.
They're grandparents were Korean.
(The end of Joseon Dynasty was messy.)
(Japanese colonial period was painful.)
(We overcame poverty and Japanese exploitation.)
(To fight for Korea's independence,)
(Koreans migrated to Primorsky Krai.)
(Koreans settled in Primorsky Krai.)
(In 1937, they were forced to move.)
(170,000 Koreans move to Central Asia.)
Koreans moved to Primorsky Krai...
not because they did something wrong.
It was hard to distinguish them from Japanese.
- Is that why? - That was why.
As they could be spies in disguise,
they were forced to move to Central Asia.
All Korean Russians had a difficult life.
We were hungry and lived in poor condition.
Many Kazakhs helped us.
It must have been cold.
There was one purpose for Korean Russians.
We wanted to survive with our children...
and give them a chance to learn.
Due to their effort, all of us were well educated.
We became teachers, doctors, and accountants.
My parents missed Korea all their lives.
However,
at that time, they couldn't go anywhere.
They died before they could visit Korea again.
My grandparents told my parents...
how beautiful...
our historical hometown is.
Their grandparents told their parents...
how beautiful...
our historical hometown is.
(The blue color that they couldn't see again)
(They won't hear the sounds of leaves again.)
(They had to survive in a foreign land.)
It's beautiful.
(They missed the beautiful colors of Korea.)
It's like an ink wash painting.
(Many Korean immigrants are forgotten in time.)
We're proud of...
our ancestors' home.
I visited last year.
I was overwhelmed...
- Last year? - with emotions.
She was moved.
What moved you?
It was orderly and clean.
I thought it was a country for the people.
Right.
I'm proud...
of Koreans for being smart.
It's because Koreans are smart.
We're proud that we have Korean blood.
Whether it's Koreans in Korea...
or Korean Russians living in Kazakhstan.
We like you, and we're proud of you.
You may eat and continue the conversation.
We'll make some for you.
(They make breakfast.)
It's delicious.
- It's delicious. - Is it?
Do you eat kimchi jjigae or doenjang jjigae?
Yes, we eat a lot of soup like...
kimchi jjigae.
(Someone approaches the staff members.)
(She shares food in case they're hungry.)
Try some.
(His mouth waters.)
(She feeds those whose hands are occupied.)
Isn't it delicious?
(They take care of everyone.)
Try some of this.
What is it? Is it made with potatoes?
It's made with potato starch.
There's pork and cabbage in it.
We call it potato baegoja.
Potato baegoja?
It's what we call it.
- I see. - Let me have some.
Try it.
(He takes a bite.)
- It's delicious. - Is it delicious?
- One Night. - Two Days.
(We'll remember you.)
(30 minutes ago)
It's nice to meet you. I watch the show often.
One Night Two Days.
I've seen you on TV.
How about...
I've watched it a lot.
- Have you seen me? - Yes.
- It's One Night Two Days. - Yes.
I watch it on TV.
Are you my fan, by any chance?
(Are you my fan, by any chance?)
(They were excited in the beginning.)
(He expected a huge welcome.)
(He styles his hair perfectly for his fans.)
(What's going on?)
(Why is there no one?)
(It's not crowded.)
(Won't you wash your hair?)
(He keeps his hairstyle until he meets a fan.)
(Are you my fan?)
(I don't know him.)
(You said we're famous.)
(He forbids himself from washing his hair.)
(He regrets it.)
(He falls into his own trap.)
(Will she help him wash his hair?)
(Are you my fan and a shampoo fairy?)
(Please)
Of course.
(He finally meets his fan.)
(He meets his fan in Kazakhstan after 3 days.)
Thank you. I can wash my hair.
It's a great show.
- Really? - It's fun.
I watch it a lot.
Thank you.
Jong Min.
Did you really meet your fan?
- Yes. - What happened?
She told me that she's my fan.
- Are you sure? - Yes. My hair is wet.
I must wash it.
It's too greasy.
Let me see the back.
Are you sure that you met your fan?
Go and wash it.
How long has it been?
50 hours and 20 minutes.
The hair is the same.
It's an amazing friend.
Let's go.
(It's finally the time to wash the hair.)
Goodness.
(Tae Hyun gave him some shampoo.)
(Like a religious ceremony,)
(he washes every strand thoroughly.)
Gosh, it's very...
Look at the hair loss.
I started the show in my 20s.
In my 40s, I'm starting to lose hair.
Look at this.
(He sends a video letter to the viewers.)
The viewers are getting older,
and I'm getting older too.
That hurt.
(That was an unexpected attack.)
(Feeling refreshed in 3 days)
Done.
(Squeaky clean)
Finished.
Do you want to make another pledge?
No.
(There won't be any more pledges in my life.)
No more pledges.
(Kazakhstan)
(Cuba)
What will we do today?
Yong Hwa is here now.
Do you remember the DVD...
- Dong Gu found yesterday? - Yes.
It's related to that.
(In the exciting city of Havana,)
(they found Korean Wave star Dong Gu.)
- Today's theme is that. - What is it?
We invited Yong Hwa all the way here in Cuba,
because he's the top 2 Korean celebrity...
- chosen by Cuban fans. - Really?
- Top 2? - You're famous.
Thank you.
You'll go out with Yong Hwa,
and experience how popular Korean Wave is in Cuba.
Will people swarm toward us?
Don't trust me too much.
Let's go.
Will Joon Ho and I become...
the ugly squid and filefish again?
Yesterday, Dong Gu made us look ugly.
They cut us out from the picture.
(They take pictures with Dong Gu only.)
(Cuban squid and filefish)
I hope someone recognizes me.
Squid and filefish will sit in the back.
They're seeing us off today.
- Me? - Dong Gu.
Okay.
(They take pictures with Yong Hwa and Dong Gu.)
Thank you.
(Squid and filefish are left out.)
Let's experience the Korean Wave today.
Why do you think I'm not wearing my hat?
Why did I style my hair?
You look like a CEO of an agency.
(Laughing)
That's funny.
(The place of Korean Wave...)
(they're headed to with huge expectation is...)
What? It's just a house.
(Just a house?)
How can we check Korean Wave here?
(A mysterious building is waiting for them.)
The building you're standing in front of is...
the Cuban Korean Center which opened in 2014.
Really?
It's used as a place to strengthen the ties...
and relationships for 1,200 Cuban Koreans.
Cubans who are interested in Korea also come here...
to take language classes, and cooking classes...
to experience Korean culture.
Is that so?
Maybe we can help them in some way.
So this is the Cuban Korean Center.
(A space inside the center...)
(for Korean culture and history.)
Joon Ho. Do you remember this?
- We saw it in a book. - Is that right?
(They saw the same picture...)
(in a bookstore in Obispo Street.)
- Park Yi Soo. - These are...
the first Koreans who settled in Cuba.
He was the first...
president of Korean Association.
This is an old passport.
Nationality. Korea.
These people immigrated to Cuba.
They already passed away.
We invited a daughter of one of the past...
- presidents. - Really?
- Hello. - Hello.
- Please come this way. - Hi, I'm Nimiya.
It's nice to meet you.
A lot of Korean descendants...
like Korean culture.
Surprisingly, many Cubans...
who aren't of Korean descent...
love Korean drama and music.
Fans are gathered outside.
(They are waiting outside the building.)
Do they know who is coming?
They think we're filming a documentary.
It'll be a surprise event.
Let's make it a big surprise for them.
(They believe it's a documentary shoot.)
(Yong Hwa is waiting alone.)
I'm feeling nervous for no reason.
(The others are waiting in a different room.)
Mr. Filefish.
(Joon Ho is overly excited.)
(One Night Two Days)
(Joon Ho goes out first for the big surprise.)
(Last week, nobody recognized him,)
(so he became a camera man.)
(Today, I'm a Korean Wave star.)
(But here,)
(they'll recognize me for sure.)
(They're not even turning around.)
Hi.
- Hi. - Hi.
(Well...)
I'm Joon Ho. Kim Joon Ho.
(Who is he?)
There's no sound.
That's going to be me in a minute.
(He ends up filming a documentary.)
I'm a Korean comedian.
- It's nice to see you. - Nice to meet you.
Hi.
Hello.
(Not happy)
- Do you know Korean? - Little bit.
Do you speak a little bit of Korean?
Yes, I can.
My friends are here. I should call them out.
My friend...
(He didn't come here alone?)
(When Joon Ho was demoted to a camera man,)
(Defconn was his filefish friend.)
(Let me introduce my friend.)
(Come out, Mr. Filefish.)
- Who is it? - Good morning.
(This is how they actually reacted.)
(Frozen)
(Shocked)
Gosh.
(Surprised)
(Amazing)
(Praise Defconn!)
(Welcome me!)
What?
(Goodness)
Do you know me?
- Yes! - Yes!
They're about to cry.
Film this!
They're crying because of Defconn.
I can't believe this.
(Laughing)
Defconn must be so excited.
I love Cuba.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. We have another friend.
(One more friend?)
(Heightened anticipation)
- Hey, friend. - I feel pressured.
- Hey, friend. Come on! - Hey, friend.
(Come out, pretty boy Dong Gu!)
Good morning, everyone!
(They greet him with excitement and passion.)
(Let me touch him!)
(This is their actual reaction.)
She's crying.
My friend.
(Screaming)
Poor Joon Ho.
Do you know him?
(Are you talking about our Joon Ho?)
(He went out with a bright smile,)
(but nobody greeted him.)
(Yet they cheered for Defconn.)
(Eventually Joon Ho turned his back.)
(Of course the fans screamed for Dong Gu.)
(So Joon Ho...)
(lost his Mr. Filefish friend.)
(He became the lonely, dry squid.)
Do you know that we're on the same show?
- Yes. - I know.
Do you know One Night Two Days?
When Joon Ho came out,
why didn't you cheer?
Why didn't you?
(Here you go!)
I'm mad.
Who did you think he was when he came out?
- Lee Min Ho? - No.
- No. - Don't be upset.
It's One Night Two Days' 10-year anniversary.
So we came here to see you.
Which Korean celebrity do you like?
Actors or singers.
Yim Jae Beom, BTS.
- BTS? - Yes.
(We love BTS!)
(Dancing)
- BTS? - Yes!
- BTS and? - Jung Yong Hwa.
(Jung Yong Hwa)
Yim Jae Beom?
- Jung Yong Hwa. - Jung Yong Hwa?
- CNBlue. - Jung Yong Hwa.
- Young Hwa. - I see.
I listen to his music a lot.
- I know "Not Anymore". - Okay.
- Play it. - Please.
Okay.
She's Yong Hwa's fan.
(She starts singing Yong Hwa's song.)
(It's a song from his newly released album.)
It's a new song.
(Singing)
(Amazing!)
(A little bit embarrassed)
- Oh, yes. - Salsa.
(His body remembers how to dance.)
(Laughing)
(He can move his feet very lightly.)
I can't believe I'm doing this.
(I dance salsa when I'm sad.)
Good job.
(She sings passionately as an answer to his dance.)
(Yong Hwa is hiding in a room,)
(but he sings along with her.)
(A worldwide collaboration)
Are you a singer?
I want to be a singer.
- It was amazing. - She sings really well.
Now that she sang CNBlue's song,
I'll give Yong Hwa a call.
- Really? - Okay.
- I'm so happy. - And I will...
Hello?
- Yong Hwa? - Hello?
(Screaming)
(He's right behind the door.)
Yong Hwa, I'm in Cuba shooting...
One Night Two Days now.
- Cuba? - Yes.
Shout out loud.
(Can you hear our love?)
Thank you so much.
He says thank you.
- Tell Yong Hwa to come. - Right now.
Can you please come over?
We love you so much, Yong Hwa.
She will sing your song.
Okay? Listen.
This is unbelievable. I'm so nervous.
(She sings his song for him.)
(It's time to answer to her singing.)
(5 seconds left before he meets her.)
(Shy)
(He's here to answer to the call.)
(Greeting him intensely)
(Jung Yong Hwa in Cuba)
(They can't believe what they're seeing.)
(Dumbfounded)
He's Jung Yong Hwa!
(He greets the fan who sang his song.)
I'm sorry for surprising you.
It's okay.
We're like three brothers.
(Joon Ho cuts in.)
We're like brothers.
- Don't be upset. - I should go.
You can talk to them.
Everyone, Yong Hwa...
- They want him to leave. - No, don't go.
They want me to leave.
- Please don't leave. - Everyone.
Yong Hwa will sing a song for you.
- To express gratitude. - Really?
(Really?)
Everyone, enjoy it. Jung Yong Hwa's here.
(They pull the chairs forward.)
I should sit here.
Excuse me, this seat is for the singer.
- Please have a seat. - There's nowhere to sit.
I'm the third wheel in Cuba.
I'll sing "You've Fallen For Me".
Please give him a big hand.
- Please sing along. - Okay.
Sing the song with me.
(He starts singing with his fans.)
(Dancing to the song)
(They are fascinated by his eyes.)
(Singing all together)
(They are falling for Yong Hwa.)
They've fallen for you.
I love you Cuba
(I love you too.)
Hola!
Thank you.
(It's the worldwide collaboration in Cuba.)
Wait.
Autograph it.
- Autograph it. - Okay.
- You're the host. - I'm the host.
- I'm hosting an event. - Look at that.
He wants you to make good songs with this guitar.
(He gives back the guitar with appreciation.)
- It's for her. - This is nice.
- Thank you. - It's my pen.
(He treasures his stuff.)
You have a fan and I have a pen.
(Cuba)
(Kazakhstan)
(3rd day in Kazakhstan)
Let's have some decent Korean food.
I'm so glad to have some Korean food.
What's popular here?
(He asks a Kazakhstani girl in Korean.)
We have gamjatang and kimchi stew.
- Gamjatang? - How big is sausage stew?
You can have it either small or big.
Let's order samgyeopsal and kimchi stew.
We should order samgyeopsal then.
(The Kazakhstani samgyeopsal looks great.)
It smells amazing.
Where's the meat from?
Do you make ssamjang yourself?
Yes. The owner makes it herself.
She speaks very good Korean.
How can you speak Korean so well?
I used to live in Korea.
- Since when I was young. - I see.
Where did you live?
Ansan.
Ansan, I see.
(She's a charming girl from Ansan.)
I was surprised to hear the word though.
(They are in Kazakhstan now.)
- This is so funny. - Kazakhstani samgyeopsal.
This is Kazakhstani pork.
(He eats samgyeopsal wrapped in lettuce.)
(Gobbling)
Try it.
(Happy)
(Samgyeopsal is always good.)
(They haven't eaten Korean food in a long time.)
(So they stuff themselves with food.)
This place deserves a Michelin star.
(They boost their energy with good Korean food.)
(A warm idle afternoon in Kazakhstan)
What is this place?
Where is it?
Are you out of your mind?
(Why are they in shock?)
(30 minutes ago)
To tour all around Almaty,
you should use public transportation.
(Public transportation?)
How can we use public transportation here?
What are you talking about?
You're having lunch now.
We'll start "Sleeping Indoors or Outdoors".
(The sun is up and high.)
(Shouldn't it be "Nap Game"?)
That's ridiculous.
You will play games with public transportation.
First place will sleep in a bed.
Second place will sleep on a couch.
And third place will sleep outdoors.
You will start from three different places.
The first place is...
Nazarbayev Park where you had lunch yesterday.
The second place is Almaty Korea Education Institute.
The third place is the Magnum Shopping Mall.
I'll tell you the destination.
You should be there using public transportation.
They don't even have English on the signs.
I don't know anything.
Let me tell you one more thing.
The camera crews won't follow you.
You'll go alone.
(They can't believe their ears.)
It's like a selfie-video.
(He's preoccupied with the mission.)
I give up.
I'll sleep outdoors. Please take me with you.
Bring me with you.
- I'm so afraid. - What are you afraid of?
(He looks confident.)
We have three starting points,
but one of them is 3km farther than others.
(3km?)
You'll draw lots to decide where to start.
I'll go first.
Pick one and give it to me.
It's the shopping mall.
(Almaty Korea Education Institute)
Nazarbayev Park.
It's 3km farther.
(It catches their eyes.)
It says in here.
(What did I just do?)
(They move to the starting points.)
(They arrive at their starting points.)
This is your destination.
It's money.
(Is it his destination?)
- Is this the destination? - Yes.
(He's the worst coward.)
(He doesn't even know about emojis.)
(He's bad with smart devices.)
(He's the most likely to come in last.)
Where is it? It has two places in it.
(He's not good with directions.)
(He can't speak foreign languages.)
(And he's 3km farther from the destination.)
(Jong Min is also likely to come in last.)
What should I do?
Which one is the destination?
(He speaks a few foreign languages.)
(He's good at finding ways.)
(Heavy favorite, Genius Jung)
(What's their destination?)
You can leave now.
Where should I go?
(He doesn't know what to do.)
I should ask my way.
(He finds someone to help him.)
Excuse me.
Where is it?
- Hotel. - What?
- This one? - Yes.
- It's a hotel. - A hotel?
Hotel.
It's Hotel Kazakhstan.
Hotel Kazakhstan?
(Genius Jung starts searching it on the web.)
It's here.
This is the building in the bill.
I found it. It's Hotel Kazakhstan.
(The building on the back of a 500 tenge bill)
(Today's destination is Hotel Kazakhstan.)
(It's a landmark of Kazakhstan...)
(where you can look down the city.)
(1st place will sleep in this hotel room.)
(He's the farthest from the destination.)
I have to find out the name of the place...
so I can figure out what transportation to take.
It's not here.
(Time passes helplessly.)
It's Hotel Kazakhstan.
Okay.
(He finally figured out the destination.)
Where can I take the bus?
(Tae Hyun checks the translation app.)
Bus.
Thank you.
(He thanks the app.)
(Silent)
Thank you.
(The app betrays him.)
Hotel Kazakhstan.
(Tae Hyun moves to take a bus.)
Does this bus go to Hotel Kazakhstan?
(He finally arrives at the bus stop.)
Excuse me. Hotel Kazakhstan?
- What? - Hotel Kazakhstan?
- Hotel Kazakhstan? - Thank you.
Can you speak English?
Oh, yes.
I want to go to Hotel Kazakhstan.
This is the bus you should take.
- Bus number 123. - 123?
Yes. The bus.
You can just take this bus. Come on.
(The bus just arrives, and they get on it together.)
Thank you.
(He helps Tae Hyun pay the fare.)
Are you a student?
- Sorry? - A student?
(He can't hide his joy.)
No, I'm not a student.
I have three children.
(I have 3 children.)
You look so young.
Thank you.
- Is it Hotel Kazakhstan? - Yes.
This is my mission.
It's my mission.
What will be your prize if you win...
this competition?
(If I win?)
I get to sleep on a comfortable bed.
(Something like this)
If I don't win,
maybe I'll have to sleep out on the street.
(Really?)
If you don't, you have to sleep on the street?
(This is an amazing TV show.)
(After a while on the bus)
- Let's get off. - Here?
Thank you.
(He gets off the bus with the kind, young man.)
(They wait for the bus to transfer to.)
- This bus? - Yes.
- Bus number 19? - Yes.
Thank you.
(The bus arrives.)
(Tae Hyun gets on the bus.)
Could you let him know where to get off...
to go to Hotel Kazakhstan?
Okay.
Thank you. Goodbye.
I thought he was getting on the bus with me.
For your information,
I've lived abroad before.
I remember all the streets if I see them once.
First of all,
I should check where Hotel Kazakhstan is.
It's very close to Abay Station.
It's amazing how close they are.
I'll go to Alatau Station by bus, take the subway,
and walk from Abay Station.
I'll sleep on bed for sure.
I have to get on the bus first.
(He needs to get on the bus first.)
(The bus arrives just in time.)
(His plan is going off without a hitch.)
Let's see.
Do you see the overpass over there?
There's usually a subway station near it.
Is it Hotel Kazakh?
I don't think it is.
(He's having a mental breakdown already.)
I think I got its name wrong.
I don't know where I am.
(Almaty, what an unfamiliar city.)
I'm in trouble.
Is there anyone...
who speaks English?
Excuse me.
(He asks someone for help.)
This is a hotel.
- A hotel? - Yes.
- Bus? - The bus stop over there.
You can take a cab or bus number 128...
(Take a cab or bus number 128.)
- or bus number 63. - 63?
Thank you.
- Goodbye. - Thank you.
(He laughs after getting great information.)
(He's looking for the bus stop.)
That's the bus stop.
This is the one.
(Jong Min finally arrives at the bus stop.)
(He just needs to get on the bus now.)
Excuse me.
(Jong Min wants to double-check.)
Hotel Kazakh.
Do I get on the bus here?
Not here.
You should take the bus over there.
- Oh, over there? - Yes.
(His journey to cross the street begins.)
- The bus. - Yes.
It's across the street.
(She points at the opposite side.)
(He goes back the way he came.)
(He has wasted a lot of time.)
(Will he be able to get on the bus?)
(Tae Hyun and Joon Young are doing great...)
(while Jong Min is still at the same place.)
(Tae Hyun successfully got on the second bus.)
6th. It's the 6th stop.
He said it's the sixth stop. Oh, my.
(He's nervous now that he's alone.)
(He starts to miss someone.)
(He has to do everything by himself now.)
(Standing up)
(He's clearly anxious.)
What are you looking for?
Sorry?
(Tae Hyun is lucky today.)
(He's smiling again.)
I'm looking for this place. Here.
(The man looks carefully at the bill.)
- You have to... - Yes?
get off and go over there.
(You have to get off and go over there.)
(Seriously?)
(Get off and go a different way?)
Should I get off?
(My guardian angel told me the wrong way?)
- 1m? - 200m.
- 200m? - Yes.
Okay. Thank you.
(Tae Hyun gets off the bus in a hurry.)
(He's back to the beginning.)
Hold on.
I should ask someone again.
Excuse me.
Hi.
(Tae Hyun asks someone again.)
Is this Hotel Kazakhstan?
(Kind students show him the way.)
(They point at the way the bus went.)
(Dumbfounded)
- This way? - Yes.
- You can walk there. - Okay. Thank you.
Thank you very much.
(It's 1.8km away, and he decides to walk.)
Gosh, that man.
(Why did he tell him to get off?)
(What the man saw was the statue.)
(He meant Republic Square, where the statue is.)
I'm doomed.
(He walks faster to shorten the time.)
Have you always followed me like this?
I follow you invisibly like the shadow.
You're not invisible.
I can easily see you.
Do the others have someone following them too?
That's ridiculous.
I should hurry.
I think Joon Young will get there fast.
(His plan is going well.)
I never miss my stop.
I should take the subway now.
I'm taking the subway.
I'm not sure how far Abay Station is.
Alatau.
1, 2, 3. It's 3 stations away from Abay Station.
Abay Station is only three stations away.
What if the subway doesn't come?
(Joon Young waits for the subway to come.)
Why isn't the subway here?
Four minutes have passed.
Five minutes have passed.
(He didn't expect to wait for this long.)
(Jong Min has been going back and forth.)
What's that?
(Something draws his attention.)
(He sees a bus in the distance.)
That's bus number 63!
It's bus number 63!
She told me to take bus number 63.
Darn it, that's the one.
Excuse me.
Hotel Kazakh.
Get off at Abay Station.
He told me to get off at Abay Station.
Abay Station.
I might win this race. Awesome.
Everyone will be surprised.
(He's on the right track now.)
I have a good feeling.
This is Abay Station.
Abay Station? Okay, thank you.
(He should get off at this stop.)
What? That's Tae Hyun.
(Jong Min spots Tae Hyun.)
That's Tae Hyun.
(Anxious)
Oh, my gosh.
(At the same time, Tae Hyun is...)
(running towards the hotel.)
I found it.
(He must hurry.)
Tae Hyun is running.
The light won't change.
Thank you.
How did he get here?
He got here before me.
I have no time to waste.
I never thought I'd be wondering the streets...
of Kazakhstan by myself.
I have to catch up with him.
(He must catch up with Tae Hyun.)
There are so many birds here.
I see Tae Hyun over there.
I've almost caught up with him.
He's across the street.
(Taking the pose from "Titanic")
(I won!)
I'm in.
(He happily enters the hotel.)
What? "Come to Room 2511"?
(It's their final destination.)
(He can go straight to Room 2511.)
Hi. Excuse me.
Room 2511.
(I'm looking for Room 2511.)
Thank you.
(He checks with the staff first...)
(and rushes to the elevator.)
Am I...
(What happened?)
(Right after Jong Min's arrival at the hotel)
I'm in.
(Tae Hyun appears right after him.)
(While Jong Min was wasting...)
(his time at the front desk)
2511.
(Tae Hyun quickly walks into the hotel.)
2511?
(He checked the mission.)
(He directly walks to an elevator.)
(I'm the first to come!)
(He closes the door as soon as he gets on it.)
(Smiling)
- I came first. - What?
- I rode on it first. - What's going on?
- Why are you here? - I pressed the button.
What's wrong with you?
- Hang on. - Why are you here?
This is so unfair.
- Hey! - I was the first to come.
(While arguing, the elevator stops.)
- Are we here? - Hang on.
I don't want to be the last to come.
Where is it?
(Who will open the door and win a victory?)
(The door finally opens.)
(Tae Hyun is the final winner!)
(The victory is mine.)
(The mission is over. What are they doing?)
Great job. Great job.
What is this?
Where is Joon Young? He should be around here.
(Is he here?)
(He closes the door.)
(He tries to lock the door.)
You can't lock the door anyway.
- Is Joon Young not here? - He must be here.
He's there, isn't he?
(The curtain looks suspicious.)
(He opens the curtain.)
(There's nobody.)
(What?)
Did we arrive before him?
(This usually doesn't happen.)
Hello!
(I came before you.)
(The subway has finally arrived.)
Abay.
(He arrived at the destination.)
(He peacefully walked into the hotel.)
Welcome.
(He was greeted by the staff.)
Room 2511?
(He was the first to complete the mission.)
It's hot.
I won.
(He's the best racer.)
(Joon Young's big picture brought him victory.)
According to the result of the mission,
Joon Young won and can sleep on the bed.
Tae Hyun in second place can sleep on the sofa.
Are you telling me to sleep here?
(Are you telling me to sleep here?)
In this hotel?
Are you telling us to sleep here?
- Seriously? - Jong Min will...
sleep outdoors.
Outdoors where? Is there a place for it?
There are parks everywhere.
There are parks everywhere in Abay.
(I thought I'd win the 1st place this time.)
Tae Hyun, this is a model house, right?
Is this a model house?
It's not a model house. It's a model.
It's here. 5,000 tenge bill.
You're right.
(It's the 5,000 tenge bill that put them in trouble.)
Hotel Kazakhstan is...
built by a Korean Russian architect.
A Korean Russian architect?
It's the second highest building in Almaty.
It's built in 1977 and...
it's the oldest hotel in Kazakhstan.
As you see, it's on the 5,000 tenge bill.
It's one of the buildings that represent Kazakhstan.
It's a really meaningful building.
- It makes me proud. - There are more places...
that are related to Korean Russians than we thought.
They left their trails a lot.
We must sleep here. It's built by Korean Russians.
- We will sleep here. - Yes. We must sleep here.
We shouldn't sleep outdoors.
I just realized...
why we decided who sleeps outdoors now.
It's because you should leave soon.
To the mountain?
This is a meaningful place made by a Korean Russian.
There are a lot of places to sleep here.
- No way. - You'll go somewhere...
you can see this hotel.
- Seriously? - Come on.
I told you I could see the mountains from here.
(The mountain is silently calling Jong MIn.)
(Kazakhstan)
(Cuba)
You're hungry, aren't you?
- Yes. - Yes.
I'm so hungry.
From now on, we will play "Lunch Game".
We'll have a Korean Wave quiz with the fans.
Sounds good.
Defconn will be holding the quiz.
1 of the members and 3 fans will team up...
and answer the questions.
The one who wins the first place...
will have a nice lunch with the fans.
The rest will...
skip lunch...
and serve lunch to the fans.
- Only the winner eats? - Only the winner eats?
Yes. And those who win the first place in each...
category will receive a K-pop singer's signed CD.
(They are thrilled.)
Hello, fans in Cuba.
Let's say it out loud together. Cuba!
- Idol! - Idol!
I'm your host today. My name is Defconn. Hello.
(Nice to meet you, Defconn.)
First, I'd like to ask you a question.
With whom do you want to team up?
- Can we choose? - Well.
She picked Dong Gu.
Why?
I have been a big fan of his since he debuted.
She said she's a big fan of his.
Is there anyone who wants to team up with Yong Hwa?
There are quite a few. What about you, Camilla?
- Who do you like? - Si Yoon.
And you, Vivian?
- Si Yoon. - She picked Si Yoon.
What about you, Christina?
Yong Hwa?
Does anyone want to be Joon Ho's team?
(We are looking for Joon Ho's fans.)
- Joon Ho? - Me!
- Me! - Joon Ho?
- Me! - Claudia raised her hand.
Why don't you try to attract them?
Convince them that you're a good teammate.
I love you. I love Claudia.
I love CUC.
(I love CUC.)
(He looks for business partners.)
- CUC? - CUC.
CUC is Cuban currency. So how do we make teams?
Each member will randomly pick your name.
Then please don't feel bad about the result.
Okay.
(We won't hurt you.)
Smile.
- Smile. - All right.
Korea. Korea.
This is Korean casino.
(He's alarmed.)
- Hurry up. - Smile.
I chose this one.
(Dong Gu and Yong Hwa draws the lots.)
(Please)
You.
(The girls can't hide what they have in mind.)
Si Yoon, please call your team members' names.
Claudia, Nosren...
(They are my fans!)
Caren.
Oh, no! Claudia!
(They try to look sad.)
- Oh, my. - He lost his fans.
My gosh!
My teammates are Indra...
- Indra. - And...
- Congratulations. - Christina.
And Camilla.
Camilla.
Oh, my fan!
Poor them.
Smile. Smile. Smile.
Vivian looks quite disappointed.
Now we are going to play the game.
Let me tell you about the game rules first.
I will read the question. If you know the answer,
you should come out and pick the microphone.
The team whose member gets the mic has the chance.
Only the fans can answer the questions.
The members can pick or hold the mic for the fans.
The first question is about a person.
You should guess who the person in the picture is.
Here goes the first question.
(The first question)
(Do you want to see the picture?)
Ready.
(Ready)
- Go! - I know the answer!
(Answer is Song Joong Ki and Song Hye Kyo.)
(Jumping out)
(Unlike others he jumped to the mic.)
(He wins his teammates' heart...)
(and makes other fans dislike him.)
(This is how he becomes unlikable.)
Answer is Song Joong Ki and Song Hye Kyo.
Correct!
(Team Joon Ho starts smoothly.)
Good job. You won one point.
The next question will be a little difficult.
Here we go.
Here goes the second question.
Who is this person?
(What a mess)
(A chaotic race toward food and CD)
I know the answer!
- It's difficult. - It's a hard question.
It's hard.
If you know this person,
you're truly a big fan of Korea.
All right.
The answer is...
(No way)
(Camilla, please!)
Sejong the Great.
(A Cuban girl just said "Sejong the Great".)
What did you just say?
Sejong the Great.
Correct!
(Aside from the quiz,)
Camilla.
(this is surprising.)
Do you know Sejong the Great?
- Yes. - Yes.
How do you know him?
He's the person who created Hangul.
You know that he created Hangul.
Yes. It was in 1443.
In 1443.
You're a Korean, aren't you?
- This is so touching. - Do others know it too?
- Yes. - Do you all know it?
There are more than 10 people who know it.
There's another answer here.
- She knows the answer. - What is it?
It's 10,000 won bill.
She says it's 10,000 won bill.
- 10,000 won? - 10,000 won.
It's another possible answer.
He's printed on a Korean bill.
He's one of the great men who represents Korea.
Does anyone know other Korean historical figures?
I know Yi Sun Shin.
- Yi Sun Shin. - Yi Sun Shin.
- Sin Saimdang - She knows one too.
- Sin Saimdang. - You know her?
Sin Saimdang.
- Lee Sung Gye. - What?
- Lee Sung Gye. - This is amazing.
We learned about Korean history.
Shilla's unification, three kingdoms of Korea,
Gojoseon, Joseon...
Gojoseon and Joseon.
I think she knows more than Jong Min.
(A new generation of a genius at history)
Here goes the next one. She's really famous.
(The third question)
(She runs to the mic faster than three men.)
(Impressed)
Goodness.
It was like "Fast and Furious". You're fast.
(Your name is "Fast and Furious" from now on.)
("Fast and Furious" in Cuba)
What's the answer? In 1, 2, 3.
Kim Yuna.
Kim Yuna is correct!
(Guessing a Korean sports star's name isn't hard.)
Kim Yuna.
Do you know Kim Yuna?
She's a skater.
- She's really amazing. - My goodness.
You're "Fast and Furious".
(This is Cuba.)
Here we go again.
(This last question of will decide the winner.)
(Didn't you miss me?)
(Dong Gu rushes toward the microphone.)
Dong Gu took the mic.
We never know.
All right. Claudia?
What's the answer? In 1, 2, 3.
The answer is Cha Tae Hyun.
Correct!
(Team Dong Gu wins the 1st round.)
(Tae Hyun's name brought them a victory.)
Good job.
Do you know Cha Tae Hyun?
- He's an actor. - Do you know him too?
- Yes. - Yes.
Which show or movie did you watch?
- "Producer". - "Producer".
- "Producer". - I see.
He was on the show.
- "The Best Hit". - Really?
Did you watch "The Best Hit"?
Dong Gu was also on "The Best Hit".
Let's begin the second round.
The second round is about proverbs.
I will say the first half part of a proverb.
Listen carefully...
and tell me the rest.
They're easy ones.
(Looking around)
All right.
(She taps his chair.)
She says you shouldn't do it.
Nosren.
Here goes the question.
Crawfish are?
(Team Dong Gu takes the chance.)
- Do you give up? - She doesn't know it.
Camilla. Camilla takes it.
(Camilla calmly takes the microphone.)
- Camilla. - The answer is...
Crawfish are always on crabs' side.
- Crawfish are... - Always on crabs' side.
Crawfish are always on crabs' side. Correct!
Camilla, what does this mean?
It means similar animals like to gather.
Bingo.
Team Yong Hwa wins one point.
Camilla is good. Camilla.
Here goes the second question.
Ready.
Every cloud?
(He jumps again.)
(It's a lonely jump.)
Look at your teammates.
(We have no idea.)
What is that?
Look at your teammates.
I'm sorry.
It starts with "every clouds".
Does anyone know the answer?
Me! Me!
What is it?
(What happened to her?)
(It's here!)
Look at this.
- It's right here. - What's going on?
- What is it? - What's wrong?
(There's a secret on his shoulder.)
- It's right here. - Look at it.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Goodness, it's written there!
(Why is the answer written on her shoulder?)
Hey! She cheated!
Every cloud has a silver lining is correct!
(It's obviously a correct answer.)
(She wins honorable 1 point.)
I told you it sounded familiar.
How did you end up having a Korean tattoo?
(She likes Korea.)
This tattoo is a mix of Korean and Cuban flag.
I did this to cheer myself up.
Let's give her a round of applause.
(Every cloud has a silver lining.)
Awesome.
(Looking at the tattoo, she's been keeping it up.)
The score is 1 to 1.
We have one question left.
Please give a chance to my team.
(He asks for a chance confidently.)
Don't you feel bad for us?
I'm sorry, but your team doesn't know any proverbs.
Didn't you study hard? I give you detention.
Please do a good job on the next round.
Let's begin the final quiz of the second round.
The day...
(As soon as she heard the question, she takes it.)
(She looks relaxed as she knows the answer.)
The day happens to be the market day.
- Goodness. - Could you say it again?
The day happens to be the market day is correct!
Excuse me. Let me check Camilla's passport.
I think she's a Korean.
Camilla, what does it mean?
On the day you're supposed to do something,
you can't do it because something happened.
So the winner of the second round...
is Team Yong Hwa.
Congratulations.
(Congratulations)
It's time for the third round.
Let's chant again.
In 1, 2, 3. Defconn, we love you!
Please give us a chance.
(It seemed to have impressed Defconn anyway.)
"Defconn, we love you"?
They will all receive the CDs.
Team Joon Ho should...
- do something. - I feel bad for them.
- You should get them CDs. - Gosh, I'm hungry.
- Right? - Camilla just said...
she's hungry.
You will all be able to eat. Don't worry.
I will get no food.
Then it's all right.
Hey!
(She's as selfish as Joon Ho.)
She looks happy again.
There are betrayers in my team.
- Goodness. - Let's move on.
The third round is about K-pop, which you love.
It's about K-pop.
We will play the intro of K-pop songs.
You will listen to the intro...
and guess the title and the artist of the song.
- Stand by. - Here goes the first one.
(The atmosphere is tense.)
(They rush to the microphone.)
(Defconn's peace is destroyed.)
(After she took the microphone,)
(Defconn's groaning sound fills the room.)
(Defconn is intimidated.)
- Nosren. - Hang on.
I need to wear a cast.
I'm scared. I'm scared.
I'm scared.
Goodness.
(They take a short break to fix the table.)
She's not just fast and furious.
She's double fast and furious.
(Embarrassed)
- What's the answer? - The answer is...
Twice's "TT".
(They do the cute dance moves in Cuba.)
(I'm sorry I broke the table.)
You don't know How I feel
- You're mean - You're mean
Gosh, you're mean.
- Goodness. - That was so mean.
Here goes the next question.
(Dashing)
(It seems like she's the only one who knows it.)
All right.
- Was that it? - Wasn't it from CNN?
- "This is LAPD!" - LAPD.
It's "Rookie" by Red Velvet.
(She can do the dance right away.)
(She's shy, but she shows everything she can do.)
It's Red Velvet's "Rookie". It was correct.
It's "Rookie".
Camilla, do you know this song? "Rookie"?
Then why didn't you come out?
My teammates are a little shy.
(They didn't know they were shy.)
- Please give us a chance. - All right.
Then I will give you a chance to say it first.
- Let's do them a favor. - All right.
- Is it okay? - Yes.
Please play the next music.
(She ran out anyway, but...)
I know it!
(She seems to know this song well.)
Do you know this song?
Hang on. Don't say it.
- My gosh! - Please wait.
This song is not an idol group's song.
It's not.
But it's a song Koreans love.
So you know this song.
It's Yim Jae Beom's...
- Yim Jae Beom? - Yim Jae Beom.
- Yim Jae Beom's... - Yim Jae Beom.
"Confession".
Yim Jae Beom's "Confession".
- "Confession"? - Correct!
(He's not upset at her anymore.)
Good job.
(Cubans know "Confession"?)
(They're absorbed in the music.)
(Seriously, what should we do?)
(The members and the Cuban fans sing together.)
- Camila. - You did a great job.
(They sing Yim Jae Beom's "Confession" together.)
(We thought it was only popular in Korea.)
(Music is universal.)
They all know the song.
- I love you - I love you
Bonita
(Someone please stop him.)
(He still cries for CUC.)
(Where is CUC?)
(In Cuba, heart matters more than materials.)
(He spreads materialism in Cuba.)
I want to sing the song too.
The score is 1 to 1 to 1.
Here goes the last question.
- I'll get it. - They look aggressive.
- You can do it! - Let's fight.
Everyone, please save me.
(Poor him.)
(We'll be careful.)
Music, cue!
(They quickly runs to the mic.)
(They're more aggressive than ever.)
(Indra takes the mic.)
(What was that just now?)
It's EXO's "Overdose".
"Overdose".
Correct!
The final winner is Team Yong Hwa!
(A Korean meal for Cuban fans)
(The losers will serve the food.)
(Looking neat)
(Dong Gu makes bibimbap.)
(Fresh Korean vegetables are added to the bowl.)
It looks delicious.
(He mixes it with gochujang.)
I haven't done this since a long time ago.
(Glossy bibimbap is ready.)
- I like it. - It looks good.
Saved in my heart.
- Saved in my heart. - Saved in my heart.
Let's say it together, everybody.
(Excited)
(They feel excluded.)
How exciting.
Enjoy.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
You're welcome. You're welcome.
(He uses the Spanish he learned from them.)
Try the seaweed, Nosren.
- This is seaweed. - Look at this.
Gosh, it's spicy.
(Fortunately, the Cuban fans enjoy Korean food.)
(Joon Ho heads somewhere suspiciously.)
(No one cares about him.)
(He takes a water bottle.)
(He puts salt into the water bottle.)
It's for Yong Hwa.
(No one cares about him,)
(so his evil plan works out smoothly.)
It's for the one who fooled me this morning.
Take this.
(No one noticed...)
(that the revengeful trap is set up.)
(Joon Ho is an evil man.)
(He's far from being suspicious.)
When I was 8...
(I'm thirsty.)
Hurry up and eat.
(My goodness)
- What happened? - What is it?
- What happened? - What's wrong?
- What happened? - Who is it?
- What happened? - Try it.
- No, thanks. - It's...
- Try it. - Camilla.
I don't want to. Why should I?
Try Yong Hwa's water.
- I'm scared. - Just a little.
- Why should I drink? - It's Yong Hwa's water.
(She spits it out.)
(He has a lot of nerve.)
- You're so mean. - What happened?
This is One Night Two Days.
There's salt in it.
(I got you.)
(He's so childish.)
When did you put salt in it? I didn't realize it.
I should put it before you realize it.
You were acting so natural.
(From Cuba to Kazakhstan)
Thanks to Jong Min, I can sleep at a nice place.
Thank you, Jong Min.
You lost on purpose, right?
You didn't want us to catch a cold.
I already caught a cold.
It's open 24 hours.
It looks nice.
It's nice here.
I feel like eating pizza.
We're celebrating our 10th in a fancy restaurant.
Although you have to go to the mountain.
Isn't this too peaceful?
I know.
(They stop worrying and enjoy their free time.)
They seem to have Wi-Fi here.
(There is something out there.)
Noodles?
(It's the tent Jong Min will sleep in.)
It's party time.
Congratulations on our 10th anniversary.
- Congratulations. - Great work, guys.
- We're in Kazakhstan. - I know.
- It smells good. - We did a great job.
(Unlike indoors, they're busy outside.)
(They didn't realize it at all.)
Where will Jong Min sleep later?
There might be a bed on the corridor.
- Or in the living room. - The hotel must be seen.
You'll sleep outdoors where the hotel is seen.
But it's...
You can see the hotel from the subway too.
(What is that?)
To have it in sight, he should be farther away.
Look at that.
What are you setting up there?
(It's a great place to view the hotel.)
(They're happy since it's not their business.)
They're setting up the tent now.
Hey, this is a 24-hour-open place.
Then it'll be noisy here.
This is amazing.
It's open 24 hours here.
I won't be able to sleep.
We set it up here for your safety.
- It will be safe here. - We'll come by later.
I think it'll be noisy here.
Gosh, I won't be able to sleep tonight.
(Will Jong Min be able to sleep well tonight?)
We have to do the important thing.
We need to do the important thing.
(Suddenly, a sketchbook shows up.)
What are you going to do?
Where is Zarina?
Zarina should write it.
Zarina should write it. Zarina, come sit here.
(Zarina Muzaparova)
"A Korean celebrity is sleeping here."
(Kim Jong Min, a Korean celebrity)
What else should we write? Is that it?
"A Korean celebrity is sleeping here."
We should write one more thing. And...
(Staring)
Right. "Please don't feed him."
(Please don't feed him.)
"Don't feed him."
(Giggling)
"But you can talk to him 24 hours a day."
24 hours a day?
Add that I speak only one language.
(He can talk anytime, but speaks only 1 language.)
Add, "Try calling him." "Jong Min."
Let's call him together.
Jong Min.
Goodness.
(A Korean celebrity is sleeping here.)
They will call his name.
Jong Min!
(You can talk to him 24 hours a day.)
(Try calling him. "Jong Min!")
I feel so proud.
I wish at least one person calls Jong Min.
Why don't you go to bed?
You're staying up late.
You said Kazakhs normally go to bed early.
There are not many...
24-hour-open cafes in Kazakhstan.
Kazakhstan is not for Jong Min.
(He gets ready to sleep and heads to the tent.)
I'll be thinking of the Korean Russians,
looking at the hotel.
(He's in the hotel in spirit.)
I want to get rid of it.
I need to sleep.
(It's fixed fast with tapes.)
It's too bright.
(Right then, a few people walk by the tent.)
(What is this?)
What do they say?
They just smiled and walked away.
I hope Kazakh people think it's funny.
I hope they like it.
Good night.
Good night. See you tomorrow.
It's too bright.
(As soon as they went back to the hotel,)
(Tae Hyun and Joon Young fell asleep.)
(It's so loud.)
(Jong Min spent the whole night with the lullaby.)
(It's right next to a 24-hour-open cafe.)
(It's a great location to view Hotel Kazakhstan.)
(This is a great place to sleep outdoors.)
Jong Min. Jong Min.
(He doesn't answer.)
(The staff tries to check Jong Min's status.)
Jong Min.
(Poking)
(Surprised)
(Where am I? Who am I?)
- Did you sleep well? - What?
Did you sleep well?
(I thought I was at home.)
Good morning.
Other members must have slept well.
I'll give you a chance to go wake them up.
(He's planning to moisten them.)
Who do you want to wake up first?
Joon Young.
(It's so peaceful here.)
(I'll break the peace.)
(They're deeply asleep, having no idea.)
(Did you sleep well?)
(Joon Young, I'm here.)
(Grinning)
(He looks scary.)
(We're sorry we couldn't protect you.)
(He silently laughs.)
(Squirming)
(What is it?)
(Jong Min is cheerful in Kazakhstan as well.)
(Hilarious)
(Goodness, I should not wake up my other prey.)
(What's this bad feeling?)
(He doesn't care. He sprays water at him.)
(His evil nature is revealed.)
Good morning.
(All the members of Team Kazakhstan is awake.)
I can't believe we're walking out of...
such a fancy hotel.
We should have breakfast.
Aren't we having breakfast?
Isn't breakfast included?
Let's go eat Korean food.
- Where are we going? - I want kimchi jjigae.
We looked around the downtown of Almaty.
Are we now leaving Almaty?
We're going to see the most beautiful scenery...
in Almaty.
So it means we're not leaving.
(What would be the beautiful scenery like?)
I must win "Sleeping Indoors or Outdoors".
Now I think of it, I lost both games.
I feel like tonight's game would be the worst.
We need to do something more difficult.
What if we play the game in the mountain?
We never know.
(The car heads to the outskirt of the city.)
We're climbing up somewhere.
Look at the pine trees and ice cap.
(The yellow trees and the ice cap look beautiful.)
It means it's really cold up there.
Can cars climb up to the ice cap?
My ears are popping.
My eardrums are popping.
My eardrums are shaking like this.
(He's being a crybaby.)
We've just passed the point that is 1,550m...
above sea level.
Really?
I have a breathing problem.
(He keeps whining.)
I need a respirator.
This is an altitude sickness.
(At last, they arrived at the destination.)
Give me food.
Why do you not give us any food?
I'm sorry. I just pushed you.
Give me food.
Why do you not give us breakfast?
Up there, delicious food is waiting for you.
Then we should go.
- We should go there. - We're here for a reason.
- We're... - We're simple.
(They're so simple.)
You said you're sick. You should stay here.
No, thanks. I will try to endure it.
(His gluttony makes him overcome the sickness.)
- Check out the altitude. - 3,500m?
- Are we climbing there? - We should climb there.
You're now on Shymbulak in Tian Shan mountains.
Here you can see the ice cap all year round.
The highest peak of Tian Shan mountains...
is about 7,400m above sea level.
We're going up to the point...
that is 3,200m above sea level on a cable car.
- Goodness. - 3,200m?
Yes, you will ride three cable cars to get there.
- It's so far away. - We need to transfer?
You can transfer from a cable car to another?
It's the second longest in the world.
When you arrive at the top of Shymbulak,
your favorite thing, a hiking course awaits you.
- Hiking? - What?
A hiking course awaits you.
(Seriously? Hiking?)
What are you talking about?
Not all of you must go hiking.
Only one of you will do it.
Why are you handing it to me?
Put it away.
On the way there, you'll play a game...
to avoid hiking.
(Next week)
(3rd episode of Thank You Special)
(The survival game continues in Kazakhstan.)
(The loser will climb the rocky mountain.)
(They can do anything to avoid the penalty.)
(After 4 hours of driving, they arrive at Ushtobe,)
(the first place Korean Russians settled down.)
(They find our ancestors' trail in Kazakhstan.)
- A concert on the street. - I told you!
(Team Cuba will have a surprising concert.)
(Can they gather 2,000 audience with Yong Hwa?)
(No way)
(Yesterday)
(Hold on a second...)
(Is this going to work?)
(They try to win over the fans in Cuba.)
(A desperate attempt)
(Please look forward to their concert.)
(See you next week!)
("Secret Garden" by Oh My Girl)
("Reply" by Kim Dong Ryul)